Renaming Agent's methods (#3557)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: docs/Migrating.md

* `BrainParameters` and `SpaceType` have been removed from the public API
* `BehaviorParameters` have been removed from the public API.
* `DecisionRequester` has been made internal (you can still use the DecisionRequesterComponent from the inspector). `RepeatAction` was renamed `TakeActionsBetweenDecisions` for clarity.

> * The following methods in the `Agent` class were renamed:

Reviewer: Should we clarify that they've been deprecated and will be removed in a later version?

> * The following methods in the `Agent` class have been deprecated. They will be removed in a later release:

Reviewer 2: Can we change this to something like "The following methods in the `Agent` class have been renamed. The original method names will be removed in a later release."

The current sentence sounds like all the methods will be deprecated (including the renamed one)

Author: ```suggestion
* The following methods in the `Agent` class have been renamed. The original method names will be removed in a later release:
```

* If you call `RayPerceptionSensor.PerceiveStatic()` manually, add your inputs to a `RayPerceptionInput`. To get the previous float array output,
 iterate through `RayPerceptionOutput.rayOutputs` and call `RayPerceptionOutput.RayOutput.ToFloatArray()`.
* Re-import all of your `*.NN` files to work with the updated Barracuda package.
* Replace all calls to `Agent.GetStepCount()` with `Agent.StepCount`

> * Replace the following method with their new equivalent:

Reviewer: Should we clarify that this is a strong recommendation as these methods will be removed in a later release.

> * We strongly recommend replacing the following method with their new equivalent as they will be removed in a later release:

Reviewer 2: `following methods`

Author: ```suggestion
* We strongly recommend replacing the following methods with their new equivalent as they will be removed in a later release:
```
